(docs) Modernize IIS manifest example (#2590)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/applying_manifest_blocks.md

  the core modules required to use the `puppet apply` command. These modules are
  listed in the [Bolt GitHub
  repository](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/blob/main/Puppetfile) and you

>   can install them using the [module management workflow](modules.md#dependency-management)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  can install them using the [module management workflow](modules.md#dependency-management).
```

📖 **Related information**  

- [Configure Bolt to download and install modules](bolt_installing_modules.md#)

> - [Module management](modules.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Modules overview](modules.md)
```

- [Bolt Projects](projects.md)

### Create a Bolt plan for IIS on Windows

Create a manifest that sets up a web server with IIS and run it as a plan.

1. Create a new Bolt project named 'profiles' by running `New-BoltProject profiles` if using
   PowerShell or `bolt project init profiles` inside the directory you want to make a Bolt project.

> 1. Modify the `modules` key your `bolt-project.yaml` to have the following value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the `puppetlabs-iis` module to your `bolt-project.yaml` under the `modules` key:
```

   ```
   modules:
     - name: puppetlabs-iis
       version_requirement: 4.3.2
   ```

> 1. Run `Install-BoltModule` if using PowerShell, otherwise run `bolt module install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `bolt module install` or `Install-BoltModule` if you're using PowerShell.
```

> 1. Create a new [Puppet language Bolt plan](writing_plans.md) inside your project by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Puppet language Bolt plan inside your project by running
```
Moving this down to the related info section

>    `New-BoltPlan profiles --pp` or `bolt plan new profiles`. This will create a `plans/` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `bolt plan new profiles` or `New-BoltPlan profiles --pp` on PowerShell . This creates a `plans/` directory
```

>    in your Bolt project, and a file `init.pp` inside that directory with some basic commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   in your Bolt project, and a file named `init.pp` inside that directory with some basic commands.
```

> 1. Modify `<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/plans/init.pp` to have the following content. This plan uses the
>    `apply` plan function to apply a manifest to targets. The manifest uses the [puppetlabs-iis
>    module](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/puppetlabs/iis) to set up an IIS server on the provided
>    targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace the contents of `<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/plans/init.pp` with this Bolt plan: 
```

     # Copy over custom facts from the Bolt modulepath.
     # Run the `facter` command line tool to gather target information.
     $targets.apply_prep

     # Compile the manifest block into a catalog
     return apply($targets, '_catch_errors' => true) {
       $iis_features = ['Web-WebServer','Web-Scripting-Tools']

       iis_feature { $iis_features:
         ensure => 'present',
       }

       # Delete the default website to prevent a port binding conflict.
       iis_site {'Default Web Site':
         ensure  => absent,
         require => Iis_feature['Web-WebServer'],
       }

       iis_site { 'minimal':
         ensure          => 'started',
         physicalpath    => 'c:\\inetpub\\minimal',
         applicationpool => 'DefaultAppPool',
         require         => [
           File['minimal'],
           Iis_site['Default Web Site']
         ],
       }

       file { 'minimal':
         ensure => 'directory',
         path   => 'c:\\inetpub\\minimal',
       }

       file { 'content':
         ensure  => 'file',
         path    => 'c:\\inetpub\\minimal\\index.html',
         content => $site_content,
       }
     }
   }
   ```

> 1. Run the plan on a target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This plan uses the `apply` function to apply a manifest to targets. The manifest uses the 
   [puppetlabs-iis module](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/puppetlabs/iis) to set up an IIS 
   server on the targets.
1. Run the plan on a target:
```

   _PowerShell cmdlet_
   ```shell
   Invoke-BoltPlan profiles --targets winrm://mytarget.mydomain
   ```

   _\*nix shell command_
   ```shell
   bolt plan run profiles --targets winrm://mytarget.mydomain
   ```
1.  In a web browser, open `mytarget.mydomain`. The page displays the text
    `hello!`

📖 **Related information**  
- [IIS](https://www.iis.net)
- [Specify targets](running_bolt_commands.md#adding-options-to-bolt-commands)

> - [Bolt projects](projects.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bolt projects](projects.md)
- [Puppet language Bolt plans](writing_plans.md)
```

- [Bolt Projects](projects.md)

### Create a Bolt plan for IIS on Windows

Create a manifest that sets up a web server with IIS and run it as a plan.

> 1. Create a new Bolt project named 'profiles' by running `New-BoltProject -Name profiles` if using
>    PowerShell or `bolt project init profiles` inside the directory you want to make a Bolt project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Bolt project named 'profiles' by running `bolt project init profiles` or
  `New-BoltProject -Name profiles` if using PowerShell inside the directory you want to make a Bolt project.
```

Author: This is literally how I had it and Heston asked me to change it https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/pull/2590#discussion_r566244010 going to go with his suggestion!

Reviewer: hehe. The reason I switched the phrases around was because I thought the "if" conditional followed by "inside..." felt awkward to read. But now that I'm reading this with fresh eyes, and because it clearly still feels a bit awkward, I think I'm going to suggest a different approach. (Sidenote: This is why I selfishly liked the old command that created a Bolt directory for you 😆 ) 

```suggestion
1. Create a directory to use as your Bolt project or use an existing directory. 
1. Convert the directory into a Bolt project named 'profiles' by running `bolt project init profiles`, or `New-BoltProject -Name profiles` if you're using PowerShell.
```

> 1. Create a new Bolt project named 'profiles' by running `New-BoltProject profiles` if using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Bolt project named 'profiles' by running `New-BoltProject -Name profiles` if using
```

1. Add the `puppetlabs-iis` module to your `bolt-project.yaml` under the `modules` key:
   ```
   modules:
     - name: puppetlabs-iis
       version_requirement: 4.3.2
   ```
1. Run `bolt module install` or `Install-BoltModule` if you're using PowerShell.
1. Create a new Puppet language Bolt plan inside your project by running

>    `bolt plan new profiles` or `New-BoltPlan profiles --pp` on PowerShell . This creates a `plans/`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `bolt plan new profiles` or `New-BoltPlan -Name profiles -Pp` on PowerShell . This creates a `plans/`
```

       $iis_features = ['Web-WebServer','Web-Scripting-Tools']

       iis_feature { $iis_features:
         ensure => 'present',
       }

       # Delete the default website to prevent a port binding conflict.
       iis_site {'Default Web Site':
         ensure  => absent,
         require => Iis_feature['Web-WebServer'],
       }

       iis_site { 'minimal':
         ensure          => 'started',
         physicalpath    => 'c:\\inetpub\\minimal',
         applicationpool => 'DefaultAppPool',
         require         => [
           File['minimal'],
           Iis_site['Default Web Site']
         ],
       }

       file { 'minimal':
         ensure => 'directory',
         path   => 'c:\\inetpub\\minimal',
       }

       file { 'content':
         ensure  => 'file',
         path    => 'c:\\inetpub\\minimal\\index.html',
         content => $site_content,
       }
     }
   }
   ```
   This plan uses the `apply` function to apply a manifest to targets. The manifest uses the 
   [puppetlabs-iis module](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/puppetlabs/iis) to set up an IIS 
   server on the targets.
1. Run the plan on a target:
   _PowerShell cmdlet_
   ```shell

>    Invoke-BoltPlan profiles --targets winrm://mytarget.mydomain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Invoke-BoltPlan -Name profiles -Targets winrm://mytarget.mydomain
```

   ```

   _\*nix shell command_
   ```shell
   bolt plan run profiles --targets winrm://mytarget.mydomain

>    ```

Reviewer 2: Small nitpick, but we should be consistent with the order of the shell command & PS cmdlet. Here and in the first bullet point above, the PS cmdlet comes first, whereas the second and third bullet points have the shell command first.

- [Bolt Projects](projects.md)

### Create a Bolt plan for IIS on Windows

Create a manifest that sets up a web server with IIS and run it as a plan.

1. Create a directory to use as your Bolt project or use an existing directory. 
1. Convert the directory into a Bolt project named 'profiles' by running `bolt project init
   profiles`, or `New-BoltProject -Name profiles` if you're using PowerShell.
1. Add the `puppetlabs-iis` module to your `bolt-project.yaml` under the `modules` key:
   ```
   modules:
     - name: puppetlabs-iis
       version_requirement: 4.3.2
   ```
1. Run `bolt module install` or `Install-BoltModule` if you're using PowerShell.
1. Create a new Puppet language Bolt plan inside your project by running

>    `bolt plan new profiles` or `New-BoltPlan -Name profiles -Pp` on PowerShell . This creates a `plans/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `bolt plan new profiles` or `New-BoltPlan -Name profiles -Pp` on PowerShell. This creates a `plans/`
```
